SEEN -- ACTUALLY ROWED BEFORE, INCREDIBLE.
INCREDIBLE. >> THEY KNOW SOCCER IS PLAYED
>> THEY KNOW SOCCER IS PLAYED WITH THEIR FEET AND NOT THEIR
WITH THEIR FEET AND NOT THEIR HEAD.
HEAD. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. >>> WE WILL COME BACK TO THIS.
>>> WE WILL COME BACK TO THIS. OTHER NEWS.
OTHER NEWS. SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER’S
SPECIAL COUNSEL ROBERT MUELLER’S OFF FIS ANNOUNCED FORMER
OFF FIS ANNOUNCED FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR,
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR, MICHAEL FLYNN’S ASSISTANCE IS
MICHAEL FLYNN’S ASSISTANCE IS NOW COMPLETE AND HE IS ASKING
NOW COMPLETE AND HE IS ASKING FOR A 90 DAY DELAY IN HIS
FOR A 90 DAY DELAY IN HIS SENTENCING.
SENTENCING. HE HAS BEEN COOPERATING IN A
HE HAS BEEN COOPERATING IN A SEPARATE CASE OF TWO FORMER
SEPARATE CASE OF TWO FORMER BUSINESS ASSOCIATES ACCUSED OF
BUSINESS ASSOCIATES ACCUSED OF ILLEGAL LOBBYING FOR TURKEY.
ILLEGAL LOBBYING FOR TURKEY. THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFF FIS
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFF FIS DID NOT TAKE A POSITION ON
DID NOT TAKE A POSITION ON REQUEST FOR SENTENCING DELAY.
REQUEST FOR SENTENCING DELAY. MUELLER’S OFF FIS RECOMMENDED
MUELLER’S OFF FIS RECOMMENDED FLYNN RECEIVE LITTLE IF ANY
FLYNN RECEIVE LITTLE IF ANY PRISON TIME.
PRISON TIME. WHAT’S THIS SIGNIFY?
WHAT’S THIS SIGNIFY? THE END OF THE COOPERATION WITH
THE END OF THE COOPERATION WITH MUELLER?
MUELLER? >> THIS IS SOMETHING HE
>> THIS IS SOMETHING HE SENTENCED IN THE PAST, HE WOULD
SENTENCED IN THE PAST, HE WOULD NOT BE READY FOR SENTENCING.
NOT BE READY FOR SENTENCING. HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SENTENCED
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SENTENCED BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS LAST YEAR.
BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS LAST YEAR. HE WOULDN’T HAVE WANTED TO MOVE
HE WOULDN’T HAVE WANTED TO MOVE FORWARD IF WE DIDN’T ALREADY
FORWARD IF WE DIDN’T ALREADY KNOW AND HE DIDN’T KNOW HE WAS
KNOW AND HE DIDN’T KNOW HE WAS DONE WITH THIS COOPERATION.
DONE WITH THIS COOPERATION. MUELLER IS THERE.
MUELLER IS THERE. THEY’RE READY.
THEY’RE READY. THEY’RE READY TO MOVE ON FROM
THEY’RE READY TO MOVE ON FROM THIS.
THIS. THEY HAVE A REPORT TO GET OUT.
THEY HAVE A REPORT TO GET OUT. THEY HAVE OTHER THINGS TO
THEY HAVE OTHER THINGS TO HANDLE.
HANDLE. AS FAR AS FLYNN’S INVOLVEMENT IN
AS FAR AS FLYNN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THIS, IT IS WELL AND DONE.
THIS, IT IS WELL AND DONE. IF IT WERE NOT FOR THE JUDGE
IF IT WERE NOT FOR THE JUDGE RAISING THE POSSIBILITY HE
RAISING THE POSSIBILITY HE WOULDN’T GIVE FLYNN CREDIT FOR
WOULDN’T GIVE FLYNN CREDIT FOR HIS TESTIMONY OR SOME SORT OF
HIS TESTIMONY OR SOME SORT OF ISSUE WITH THAT, FRANKLY, FLYNN
ISSUE WITH THAT, FRANKLY, FLYNN WOULD ALREADY BE SENTENCED AND
WOULD ALREADY BE SENTENCED AND WE WOULD MOVE ON FROM THIS.
WE WOULD MOVE ON FROM THIS. THIS IS NOT SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
THIS IS NOT SPECIAL COUNSEL’S DOING OR MICHAEL FLYNN’S DOING,
DOING OR MICHAEL FLYNN’S DOING, WHAT THE JUDGE RAISED IN THE
WHAT THE JUDGE RAISED IN THE ORIGINAL SENTENCING HEARING.
ORIGINAL SENTENCING HEARING. MICHAEL FLYNN, ON THE ADVICE OF
MICHAEL FLYNN, ON THE ADVICE OF HIS ATTORNEY, SAID I WANT TO
HIS ATTORNEY, SAID I WANT TO MAKE SURE THIS IS BUTTONED UP
MAKE SURE THIS IS BUTTONED UP BEFORE WE MAKE A SENTENCING
BEFORE WE MAKE A SENTENCING DATE.
DATE. IN THAT 90 DAYS FROM NOW, NOT
IN THAT 90 DAYS FROM NOW, NOT HARD THEY GET THE SENTENCING, IT
HARD THEY GET THE SENTENCING, IT WILL UPDATE.
WILL UPDATE. AND THIS COULD GO ON ANOTHER
AND THIS COULD GO ON ANOTHER FIVE, SIX MONTHS.
FIVE, SIX MONTHS. >>> MEANWHILE, PAUL MANAFORT
>>> MEANWHILE, PAUL MANAFORT FACES ANOTHER ROUND OF
FACES ANOTHER ROUND OF SENTENCING TODAY.
SENTENCING TODAY. A FEDERAL JUDGE IN WASHINGTON
A FEDERAL JUDGE IN WASHINGTON COULD ADD ON TWO YEARS IN PRISON
COULD ADD ON TWO YEARS IN PRISON TO THE CHARGES OF CONSPIRACY HE
TO THE CHARGES OF CONSPIRACY HE PLED GUILTY TO LAST YEAR.
PLED GUILTY TO LAST YEAR. THIS AFTER A WEEK HE WAS
THIS AFTER A WEEK HE WAS SENTENCED TO 47 MONTHS IN PRISON
SENTENCED TO 47 MONTHS IN PRISON IN A DIFFERENT CASE.
IN A DIFFERENT CASE. THE QUESTION HAS BEEN WILL THIS
THE QUESTION HAS BEEN WILL THIS TIME BE ADDED OR SERVED
TIME BE ADDED OR SERVED CONCURRENTLY WITH THE PREVIOUS
CONCURRENTLY WITH THE PREVIOUS SENTENCE?
SENTENCE? >> THAT’S THE BIG QUESTION.
>> THAT’S THE BIG QUESTION. PRIOR TO SENTENCING LAST WEEK,
PRIOR TO SENTENCING LAST WEEK, JUDGE JACKSON IN THE DISTRICT OF
JUDGE JACKSON IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WAS AN AFTERTHOUGHT.
COLUMBIA WAS AN AFTERTHOUGHT. THE IT WAS EXPECTED MANAFORT
THE IT WAS EXPECTED MANAFORT WOULD GET A STRASSETOSPHERIC
WOULD GET A STRASSETOSPHERIC SENTENCE IN COLUMBIA BUT NOW THE
SENTENCE IN COLUMBIA BUT NOW THE GUIDELINES ARE SO HIGH THEY
GUIDELINES ARE SO HIGH THEY EXCEED 10 YEARS.
EXCEED 10 YEARS. SO THE ADVISOR SENTENCE IS 10
SO THE ADVISOR SENTENCE IS 10 YEARS.
YEARS. THE SAFE MONEY BET IS ON A 10
THE SAFE MONEY BET IS ON A 10 YEAR SENTENCE TODAY FOR PAUL
YEAR SENTENCE TODAY FOR PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. THE BIG QUESTION FOR CRIMINAL
THE BIG QUESTION FOR CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEYS IN ALL OF
DEFENSE ATTORNEYS IN ALL OF THESE CASES IS ALWAYS
THESE CASES IS ALWAYS CONSECUTIVE OR CONCURRENT.
CONSECUTIVE OR CONCURRENT. AS MANAFORT’S DEFENSE TEAM, I
AS MANAFORT’S DEFENSE TEAM, I WOULD ARGUE THIS IS PART OF THE
WOULD ARGUE THIS IS PART OF THE SAME RELEVANT CONDUCT.
SAME RELEVANT CONDUCT. UNDER THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES,
UNDER THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES, IT SHOULD BE CONCURRENT.
IT SHOULD BE CONCURRENT. IT WILL BE INTERESTING TO SEE
IT WILL BE INTERESTING TO SEE WHETHER OR NOT THE JUDGE
WHETHER OR NOT THE JUDGE EXERCISES HER AUTHORITY AND
EXERCISES HER AUTHORITY AND MAKES THIS A CONSECUTIVE
MAKES THIS A CONSECUTIVE SENTENCE SO MANAFORT CAN ONLY
SENTENCE SO MANAFORT CAN ONLY SERVE HIS FIRST SENTENCE FIRST
SERVE HIS FIRST SENTENCE FIRST AND ONLY WHEN THAT’S COMPLETED
AND ONLY WHEN THAT’S COMPLETED HE STARTS SERVING THE SECOND
HE STARTS SERVING THE SECOND SENTENCE.
SENTENCE. >> WHAT’S YOUR BEST GUESS?
>> WHAT’S YOUR BEST GUESS? >> BEST GUESS, CONCURRENT
>> BEST GUESS, CONCURRENT SENTENCE BUT MAX OF 10 YEARS.
SENTENCE BUT MAX OF 10 YEARS. >> A LOT TO GO THROUGH TODAY.
>> A LOT TO GO THROUGH TODAY. MILK XA.
MILK XA. >>> YEAH.
>>> YEAH. THERE’S STILL MORE, MUCH MORE.
THERE’S STILL MORE, MUCH MORE. THE EUROPEAN UNION BECOMES THE
THE EUROPEAN UNION BECOMES THE LATEST TO BANISH THE GROUND THE
LATEST TO BANISH THE GROUND THE 737 MAX 8 PLANES IT INCLUDES
737 MAX 8 PLANES IT INCLUDES AUSTRALIA, AIR MEXICO.
AUSTRALIA, AIR MEXICO. INDIA ALSO GROUNDED THE AIRCRAFT
INDIA ALSO GROUNDED THE AIRCRAFT AND ALONG WITH THE UK, EVEN
AND ALONG WITH THE UK, EVEN BANNED THE PLANES FROM TRAVELING
BANNED THE PLANES FROM TRAVELING IN ITS COUNTRY’S AIRSPACE.
IN ITS COUNTRY’S AIRSPACE. NOT ON THAT LIST THE UNITED
NOT ON THAT LIST THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. THE STATEMENT LAST EVENING BY
THE STATEMENT LAST EVENING BY ACTING FAA ADMINISTRATOR, WE
ACTING FAA ADMINISTRATOR, WE HAVE A LOT OF ACTING IN THIS
HAVE A LOT OF ACTING IN THIS GOVERNMENT, READS THIS.
GOVERNMENT, READS THIS. THE FAA CONTINUES TO REVIEW
THE FAA CONTINUES TO REVIEW EXTENSIVELY ALL AVAILABLE DATA
EXTENSIVELY ALL AVAILABLE DATA AND AGGREGATE SAFETY PERFORMANCE
AND AGGREGATE SAFETY PERFORMANCE FROM PILOTS OF THE BOEING 737
FROM PILOTS OF THE BOEING 737 MAX.
MAX. NOR HAVE OTHER CIVIL AVIATION
NOR HAVE OTHER CIVIL AVIATION AUTHORITIES PROVIDED DATA TO US
AUTHORITIES PROVIDED DATA TO US THAT WOULD WARRANT ACTION.
THAT WOULD WARRANT ACTION. IN THE COURSE OF OUR URGENT
IN THE COURSE OF OUR URGENT REVIEW OF DATA ON THE ETHIOPIAN
REVIEW OF DATA ON THE ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES AIR CRASH, IF ANY
AIRLINES AIR CRASH, IF ANY ISSUES AFFECTING THE CONTINUED
ISSUES AFFECTING THE CONTINUED AIR WORTHINESS OF THIS AIRCRAFT
AIR WORTHINESS OF THIS AIRCRAFT ARE IDENTIFIED, THE FAA WILL
ARE IDENTIFIED, THE FAA WILL TAKE IMMEDIATE AND APPROPRIATE
TAKE IMMEDIATE AND APPROPRIATE ACTION.
ACTION. WHY DOES THAT NOT MAKE ME
WHY DOES THAT NOT MAKE ME COMFORTABLE?
COMFORTABLE? IT ACTUALLY MAKES ME MORE
IT ACTUALLY MAKES ME MORE UNCOMFORTABLE, SAME QUOTE, HE
UNCOMFORTABLE, SAME QUOTE, HE MADE IT CLEAR HE’S ABSOLUTELY
MADE IT CLEAR HE’S ABSOLUTELY CONFIDENT IN THE SAFETY OF THE
CONFIDENT IN THE SAFETY OF THE AIRPLANES.
AIRPLANES. REPUBLICAN SENATORS MITT ROMNEY
REPUBLICAN SENATORS MITT ROMNEY AND TED CRUZ JOINED DEMOCRATS,
AND TED CRUZ JOINED DEMOCRATS, INCLUDING ELIZABETH WARREN,
INCLUDING ELIZABETH WARREN, DIANNE FEINSTEIN AND RICHARD
DIANNE FEINSTEIN AND RICHARD BLOOM MENTHOL IN CALLING FOR THE
BLOOM MENTHOL IN CALLING FOR THE FAA TO BAN THE 737 MAX 8 FROM
FAA TO BAN THE 737 MAX 8 FROM U.S. AIRSPACE.
U.S. AIRSPACE. ROMNEY TWEETED, OUT OF AN
ROMNEY TWEETED, OUT OF AN ABUNDANCE OF CAUTION FOR THE
ABUNDANCE OF CAUTION FOR THE FLYING PUBLIC, THE FAA SHOULD
FLYING PUBLIC, THE FAA SHOULD GROUND THE 737 MAX 8 UNTIL WE
GROUND THE 737 MAX 8 UNTIL WE INVESTIGATE THE CAUSES OF RECENT
INVESTIGATE THE CAUSES OF RECENT ACTIONS AND INSURE THE PLANE’S
ACTIONS AND INSURE THE PLANE’S AIR WORTHINESS.
AIR WORTHINESS. THIS COMES AS REPORTS SURFACE
THIS COMES AS REPORTS SURFACE U.S. PILOTS HAD REPEATEDLY
U.S. PILOTS HAD REPEATEDLY REPORTED SAFETY CONCERNS ABOUT
REPORTED SAFETY CONCERNS ABOUT THE JETS TO FEDERAL AUTHORITIES.
THE JETS TO FEDERAL AUTHORITIES. THE "DALLAS MORNING NEWS" SAID
THE "DALLAS MORNING NEWS" SAID IT FOUND FIVE COMPLAINTS IN A
IT FOUND FIVE COMPLAINTS IN A PUBLIC FEDERAL DATABASE ABOUT
PUBLIC FEDERAL DATABASE ABOUT THE 737 MAX’S SAFETY MECHANISM
THE 737 MAX’S SAFETY MECHANISM AFTER TAKEOFF ALSO CITED IN
AFTER TAKEOFF ALSO CITED IN OCTOBER REPORTS ABOUT A BOEING
OCTOBER REPORTS ABOUT A BOEING 737 MAX 8 CRASH IN INDONESIA
737 MAX 8 CRASH IN INDONESIA THAT KILLED 189 PEOPLE.
THAT KILLED 189 PEOPLE. MEANWHILE, THE "WALL STREET
MEANWHILE, THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" REPORTS SINCE THE
JOURNAL" REPORTS SINCE THE INDONESIA CRASH, BOEING AND THE
INDONESIA CRASH, BOEING AND THE FAA HAVE BEEN WORKING ON
FAA HAVE BEEN WORKING ON EXTENSIVE SOFTWARE FIXES TO THE
EXTENSIVE SOFTWARE FIXES TO THE FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM IN THESE
FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM IN THESE AIRPLANES, THE FIX SCHEDULED TO
AIRPLANES, THE FIX SCHEDULED TO BE ROLLED OUT BY THE END OF
BE ROLLED OUT BY THE END OF APRIL WOULD BE A MAJOR SHIFT
APRIL WOULD BE A MAJOR SHIFT FROM HOW BOEING ORIGINALLY
FROM HOW BOEING ORIGINALLY DESIGNED THE STALL PREVENTION
DESIGNED THE STALL PREVENTION FEATURE IN THE PLANES.
FEATURE IN THE PLANES. THE SOFTWARE FIX WAS EXPECTED TO
THE SOFTWARE FIX WAS EXPECTED TO BE ROLLED OUT IN JANUARY BUT
BE ROLLED OUT IN JANUARY BUT U.S. OFFICIALS SAID THE RECENT
U.S. OFFICIALS SAID THE RECENT GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN CONTRIBUTED
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN CONTRIBUTED TO A DELAY, HALTING WORK ON IT
TO A DELAY, HALTING WORK ON IT FOR FIVE WEEKS.
FOR FIVE WEEKS. IF YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE
IF YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE IMPACT OF A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN,
IMPACT OF A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN, YOU CAN SEE IT RIGHT HERE WITH
YOU CAN SEE IT RIGHT HERE WITH IMPORTANT PLANS TO FIX A PROBLEM
IMPORTANT PLANS TO FIX A PROBLEM ON AIRPLANES THAT HAVE PEOPLE
ON AIRPLANES THAT HAVE PEOPLE FLYING AND AROUND THE WORLD HAS
FLYING AND AROUND THE WORLD HAS BEEN DELAYED BECAUSE OF THE
BEEN DELAYED BECAUSE OF THE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN, BECAUSE OF
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN, BECAUSE OF THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN.
THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN. WHAT CAN CONGRESS DO TO GROUND
WHAT CAN CONGRESS DO TO GROUND THESE JETS IF THE PRESIDENT IS
THESE JETS IF THE PRESIDENT IS JUST GOING TO TAKE THE WORD OF
JUST GOING TO TAKE THE WORD OF THE CEO, LIKE HE TOOK VP’S WORD
THE CEO, LIKE HE TOOK VP’S WORD AND APPARENTLY KIM JONG UN’S
AND APPARENTLY KIM JONG UN’S WORD, THAT THEY’RE GREAT GUYS.
WORD, THAT THEY’RE GREAT GUYS. WHO WOULD HAVE CONFIDENCE IN THE
WHO WOULD HAVE CONFIDENCE IN THE PRESIDENT’S WORDS?
PRESIDENT’S WORDS? >> THE ANSWER IS NOTHING
>> THE ANSWER IS NOTHING IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. YOU TALK TO LAWMAKERS, THERE IS
YOU TALK TO LAWMAKERS, THERE IS INCREASING CONCERN, HEAR FROM
INCREASING CONCERN, HEAR FROM MITT ROMNEY AND TED CRUZ THAT
MITT ROMNEY AND TED CRUZ THAT WANT TO HOLD HEARINGS ON IT.
WANT TO HOLD HEARINGS ON IT. NOTHING THEY CAN DO IMMEDIATELY
NOTHING THEY CAN DO IMMEDIATELY BECAUSE THE FAA HAS
BECAUSE THE FAA HAS JURISDICTION.
JURISDICTION. I TALKED TO A TOP TRANSPORT
I TALKED TO A TOP TRANSPORT OFFICIAL IN THE TRUMP
OFFICIAL IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION A COUPLE DAYS AGO
ADMINISTRATION A COUPLE DAYS AGO AS THIS WAS ALL UNFOLDING.
AS THIS WAS ALL UNFOLDING. THEY AT LEAST INITIALLY BELIEVED
THEY AT LEAST INITIALLY BELIEVED THE PROBLEM WAS SOMETHING
THE PROBLEM WAS SOMETHING LITERALLY LOST IN TRADITIONAL
LITERALLY LOST IN TRADITIONAL WITH FOREIGN PILOTS NOT
WITH FOREIGN PILOTS NOT UNDERSTANDING HOW TO DISABLE
UNDERSTANDING HOW TO DISABLE THIS NEW AUTO TECHNOLOGY, SO
THIS NEW AUTO TECHNOLOGY, SO THEY WEREN’T FIGHTING THE
THEY WEREN’T FIGHTING THE SYSTEM, THAT IT WAS A STEP THEY
SYSTEM, THAT IT WAS A STEP THEY WERE MISSING LOST IN
WERE MISSING LOST IN TRADITIONAL.
TRADITIONAL. NOW, WHEN YOU SEE SINCE THEN
NOW, WHEN YOU SEE SINCE THEN U.S. PILOTS WERE ALSO
U.S. PILOTS WERE ALSO COMPLAINING, THAT MAKES YOU LOOK
COMPLAINING, THAT MAKES YOU LOOK AT IT IN A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT
AT IT IN A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT PRISM AND I DO THINK THIS IS
PRISM AND I DO THINK THIS IS BIPARTISAN AS WE GET MORE
BIPARTISAN AS WE GET MORE INFORMATION COMING IN FROM THE
INFORMATION COMING IN FROM THE UNITED STATES PILOTS, HARDER FOR
UNITED STATES PILOTS, HARDER FOR THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION TO SAY,
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION TO SAY, NO, IT’S HARD FOR FOREIGN
NO, IT’S HARD FOR FOREIGN PILOTS.
PILOTS. >> IT’S ALSO ABOUT HOW POLITICS
>> IT’S ALSO ABOUT HOW POLITICS WORKS.
WORKS. >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> WE SATURDAY OF LAUGHED ABOUT
>> WE SATURDAY OF LAUGHED ABOUT THE FACT HE SPOKE WITH A BOEING
THE FACT HE SPOKE WITH A BOEING CEO.
CEO. IT’S INCREDIBLY TELLING TO ME HE
IT’S INCREDIBLY TELLING TO ME HE DID.
DID. IT SHOWS AN INDUSTRY CAP, DID HE
IT SHOWS AN INDUSTRY CAP, DID HE SPEAK TO THE HEAD OF THE PILOTS
SPEAK TO THE HEAD OF THE PILOTS ASSOCIATION, I’M NOT SURE HE
ASSOCIATION, I’M NOT SURE HE DID, IN FACT HE GOT ON THE PHONE
DID, IN FACT HE GOT ON THE PHONE WITH THE MAJOR CEO OF A COMPANY,
WITH THE MAJOR CEO OF A COMPANY, IN PART BECAUSE THAT PERSON IS
IN PART BECAUSE THAT PERSON IS POWERFUL IN THE BUSINESS WORLD
POWERFUL IN THE BUSINESS WORLD AND ALSO POLITICAL WORLD.
AND ALSO POLITICAL WORLD. WE KNOW THIS PRESIDENT HAS AN
WE KNOW THIS PRESIDENT HAS AN INSTINCT TO GO WITH THE LAST
INSTINCT TO GO WITH THE LAST PERSON HE TALKED TO.
PERSON HE TALKED TO. >> AND INTEREST IN MONEY.
>> AND INTEREST IN MONEY. >> IN THIS CASE, IT’S AN
>> IN THIS CASE, IT’S AN INCREDIBLY TELLING THING WE ARE
INCREDIBLY TELLING THING WE ARE ONE OF THE FEW COUNTRIES NOT
ONE OF THE FEW COUNTRIES NOT GROUNDING THESE AIRLINES AND IT
GROUNDING THESE AIRLINES AND IT HAPPENED AFTER THE TALK WITH THE
HAPPENED AFTER THE TALK WITH THE BOEING CEO.
BOEING CEO. IT LOOKS LIKE WE WILL DETERMINE
IT LOOKS LIKE WE WILL DETERMINE OUR REGULATORY POLICY BASED ON
OUR REGULATORY POLICY BASED ON THE CONVERSATIONS THE PRESIDENT
THE CONVERSATIONS THE PRESIDENT IS HAVING.
IS HAVING. >> WOULD LOVE TO HEAR MORE FROM
>> WOULD LOVE TO HEAR MORE FROM THE WHITE HOUSE ON THIS
THE WHITE HOUSE ON THIS SITUATION.
SITUATION. RIGHT NOW, IT DOESN’T LOOK OR
RIGHT NOW, IT DOESN’T LOOK OR FEEL GOOD AT ALL.
FEEL GOOD AT ALL. >>> COMING UP ON "MORNING JOE,"
>>> COMING UP ON "MORNING JOE," PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE ELIZABETH
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE ELIZABETH WARREN.
WARREN. >>> AND CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF,
>>> AND CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF, IT COULD MEAN EVERYTHING FROM
IT COULD MEAN EVERYTHING FROM CHAOS TO FOOD SHORTAGES, THE UK
CHAOS TO FOOD SHORTAGES, THE UK IS MOVING CLOSER TO CRASHING OUT
IS MOVING CLOSER TO CRASHING OUT OF THE EU UNLESS BRITISH
OF THE EU UNLESS BRITISH PARLIAMENT CAN FIND A FIX FOR